Stricter Signatures (#39)
CarterKoala/wca-regulations-wrc: wca-regulations.md

        - A7c3) If the competitor signs (or otherwise marks) an attempt after starting the attempt but before the judge has finished recording the result, the attempt will be considered unfinished (DNF).
        - A7c4) The competitor should not sign an attempt before the judge has recorded and signed the attempt. The competitor is ultimately responsible for ensuring that they and the judge have signed an attempt. If an attempt is found to be missing one or both signatures after the judge delivered the score sheet to the score taker (see [Regulation A7f](regulations:regulation:A7f)), it will be considered unfinished (DNF).
        - A7c5) Missing signatures found before the end of the competition (see [Regulation 9u](regulations:regulation:9u)) may be added by the judge and/or the competitor, at the discretion of the WCA Delegate.

>         - A7c6) Competitor signatures should be consistent throughout the competition and should identify the competitor. Competitors may be disqualified for intentionally signing incorrectly, at the discretion of the WCA Delegate.

Reviewer: Other mentions of disqualification specify their scope (attempt, event etc.) rather than being generally phrased.

Author: Agreed. Wasn’t sure what scope people would want here and didn’t know how to word it, but something should be done here.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        - A7c6) Competitor signatures should be consistent throughout the competition and should identify the competitor. Competitors must not intentionally sign incorrectly. Penalty: disqualification of the attempt (DNF), at the discretion of the WCA Delegate.
```
I'm not a huge fan of the wording "sign incorrectly", but I have no better ideas. The scope should be just the attempt, since that is where the signature applies.

Author: Agreed

Reviewer 3: Would we plan on covering intentionally incorrect judge and/or scrambler signatures? A competitor signing their own attempt incorrectly is a non-issue due to the fact that their name and ID are already on the scorecard.

Disqualification of the attempt would not do anything to a scrambler/judge doing this.
